TensorFlow install: Add Python versioning info (#170)
ROCm/rocm-install-on-linux: docs/how-to/3rd-party/tensorflow-install.rst

Using a wheels package
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> #. Ensure your environment is using a supported Python version for the desired ``tensorflow-rocm`` wheel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Ensure your environment uses a supported Python version for the desired ``tensorflow-rocm`` wheel.
```

>    a. To check compatible Python versions, navigate to the desired ROCm release version

Reviewer 2: These instructions only apply to ROCm 6.1+ because manylinux only has wheels packages for ROCm 6.1+.  We should highlight that these are only for 6.1+

Reviewer 3: I think needing users to go through the repository to read the filenames isn't a great experience, could we have another table with the supported versions?

Reviewer 3: I think needing users to go through the repository to read the filenames isn't a great experience, could we have another table with the supported versions?

.. code-block:: shell
   a. To check compatible Python versions, navigate to the desired ROCm release version
      in `<https://repo.radeon.com/rocm/manylinux/>`__.

   b. In the versioned ROCm release directory, take note of the Python versions associated with the desired
      wheel version indicated by ``cp`` in the wheels' file names.
      
      For example, ``tensorflow_rocm-2.15.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl`` targets Python 3.10, as indicated by
      ``cp310``.

>    pip install --user tensorflow-rocm==[wheel-version] -f [repo] --upgrade

Reviewer 2: I think we need to keep this line as a more general install instruction.  For example, if they need to install for ROCm 6.0.0, or 6.0.2 (any version older than 6.1) then they may need to specify a different repo (not repo.radeon.com)?

   .. code-block:: shell

      pip install --user tensorflow-rocm==[wheel-version] -f https://repo.radeon.com/rocm/manylinux/rocm-rel-[major.minor] --upgrade

   * ``[wheel-version]`` indicates the TensorFlow version.

   * ``[major.minor]`` indicates the `ROCm release version <https://repo.radeon.com/rocm/manylinux/>`_; for instance,
     ``6.1``.
   |

   .. _install-tensorflow-versions:

   The following table associates ROCm versions with their supported TensorFlow versions.

   .. list-table::
       :header-rows: 1

       * - ROCm version
         - TensorFlow version
       * - 6.1.x
         - 2.13.1, 2.14.0, 2.15.0
       * - 6.0.x
         - 2.12.1, 2.13.1, 2.14.0

.. note::

>    As of ROCm 6.1, ``tensorflow-rocm`` packages are found at `<https://repo.radeon.com/rocm/manylinux>`__.

Reviewer 2: I also think this needs to move back up to the start of the "wheels" section

>    Prior to ROCm 6.1, packages were found at `<https://pypi.org/project/tensorflow-rocm>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Before ROCm 6.1, packages were found at `<https://pypi.org/project/tensorflow-rocm>`_.
```
